>> Brian Holt: So let's go back and
change this to stop being a search term,
and just say this is s video again,
or whatever you called your brand.
Save that, readdress that, readdress that.
So now let's do the part
that I think's really fun.
So we have a map right here.
There's another method in JavaScript
on array is called filter.
So if I put in a .filter statement,
this is very similar to how map works.
But instead of returns a new value,
you just return true or false.
If it returns true, you keep to the array.
And if it returns false,
it kicks it out of the array.
>> Brian Holt: So
I have a show here as well.
>> Brian Holt: And
what I'm going to do is,
I'm going to return.
>> Brian Holt: So this a little clever.
But I think it's on
the borderlines of acceptable.
So I'm gonna do show.title.
>> Brian Holt: Show.description
>> Brian Holt: So these are the two fields
that we're going to search, right?
So I'm gonna concatenate
them together in one string.
I'm going to put them toUpperCase.
Because I wanna be case
insensitive in my search.
And then I'm going
to say, indexOf.
This.state.searchTerm.toUpperCase, cuz
I want that to be
case sensitive as well,
>> Brian Holt: Is
greater than or equal to 0.
So let's kind of unpack this,
this is a little dense.
Show.title, show.description.
Right, these are the two
fields that we're searching.
So we're putting them
together in one string.
We're making that uppercase so
that it's case insensitive.
And we're saying indexOf it says
if you find this string anywhere,
give me the index of it.
So if that's greater than or equal to 0.
So that basically says
if you find this string
anywhere inside of this other string,
then return true, right?
So for returns true, it stays in
the array and if it returns false.
If it didn't find it anywhere on
the array, it kicks it out of the array.
So, I'll come back to this but
let me show you what's actually happening.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
whatever, I'll fix that later.
Refresh.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I have a blank search, but
as soon as I type house, right,
only House of Cards and
Fuller House have the words house in them.
So that's the only ones that stay or
if I put Kimmy,
I only get Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt,
right?
Cuz that's where Kimmy is and
then Kimmy right there,
also Fuller House.
>> Brian Holt: So this is just a really
poor man's way of doing search, right?
>> Brian Holt: So
this is a little clever but
that's what's going on there.
Any questions about that?
>> Speaker 2: They're wondering if this is
how you do it at Netflix?
>> Brian Holt: No.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: There's a whole team
at Netflix that all they
worry about is search.
That's certainly not me.
>> Brian Holt: Unless
you're doing client site only search,
this is probably woefully
even inadequate for that.
But it's impressive enough for a demo, so.
>> Brian Holt: Questions?
>> Speaker 2: For something like the to
do list, classic thing,
it's beautiful for saying,
just show me all the a priority items.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, exactly.
So, using filter like this, totally fine.
As long as this filter's
fairly performant, otherwise,
you probably need to
[INAUDIBLE] it a little bit.
This is obviously not a Perf workshop,
so we're not gonna do that.
But, using filter like this inside of.
Inside of your map that's totally
acceptable, that's a normal usual thing to
do.
>> Brian Holt: Cool,
you can even make this
a little bit shorter...
If you tak off the curly braces.
>> Brian Holt: Again, a little dense but
that works too.
>> Brian Holt: Cuz remember,
it's an implicit return.
So, that'll return true or false.
And then that true stays in,
false gets kicked out.
>> Brian Holt: And,
I also wanted to make this an empty
string right here, searchTerm.
Just make this an empty string.
So that the initial value of
the search is everything.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I think we'll be done
around 5 today.
If I go over testing,
yeah, this should be good.
Cool.
>> Brian Holt: So
that's what I'm about to
move on to is testing.
Does anyone have any other
questions before I move on?
>> Speaker 2: There's a question
from Louis R.
Could the filter map logic be
moved out of render to improve
the readability?
>> Brian Holt: I suppose that's at
the call of the user.
I think this is,
like obviously filter's a little dense.
I might take this particular part
of the function, like this part.
So maybe,
filter out, right?
And then this would be
a separate function and
one might consider doing that.
>> Speaker 2: They're really just array
prototype function so
you could put a function,
a declared function in there.
>> Brian Holt: This
is not specific to React,
I think that's a good point to be made.